---
layout: default
title: Course Policies
---
## Evaluation Policies
Homework will be due in class on the due date.  Late homework may only earn half credit and will not be accepted more than three school days late; furthermore, assignments will not be accepted after the last day of classes.  Exceptions to any due dates or exams must be arranged well in advance and via e-mail.  See instructor for family or personal emergencies.  
## University Solidarity
In alignment with Duquesne University’s mission, out of a profound concern for moral and spiritual values, we are committed to maintaining an ecumenical  atmosphere open and committed to diversity and an inclusive learning environment. As a faculty member here at Duquesne, I acknowledge the existence of systemic racism, racial inequality, microaggressions and other forms of racial abuse, racial trauma, and the long history of racial injustice in our society. I acknowledge the effect COVID-19 has had on the Black, Indigenous, and Latinx communities.  I acknowledge the disproportionate rates of   infections, hospitalizations, and deaths in these communities locally, nationally, and globally.  I also acknowledge that the most recent acts of Anti-Black violence are both tragic and traumatic, and impact members of our community. I acknowledge that racist attacks against Asians, Asian Americans and Pacific Islanders (AAPI) have increased markedly during the COVID-19 pandemic. Given this, I am committed to providing a learning environment inclusive of all experiences and perspectives, and particularly respectful of the most marginalized in our society.  In recognition of the reality of microaggressions and racial trauma, I am committed to sharing campus resources that provide spaces supportive of Black students and BIPOC students--Black Indigenous People of Color (see below). Please feel free to use these resources.  As your instructor, I honor and respect the multiple intersecting identities of all  students in the classroom, including BIPOC students, undocumented and immigrant students, AAPI students, LGBTQIA+ students, emergent bilinguals, students with disabilities, and more.  I stand with you in stating that your life matters and your learning experience here as a member of the BIPOC community at Duquesne matters.  
- [Counseling & Wellbeing Center](http://www.duq.edu/counseling), (412) 396-6204
- [Office of Diversity & Inclusion](https://www.duq.edu/life-at-duquesne/student-services/diversity-and-inclusion), (412) 396-1117
- [The Center for Student Well Being](https://duq.edu/life-at-duquesne/health-recreation-and-wellbeing), (412) 396-6204
- [Office of Residence Life](https://duq.edu/life-at-duquesne/residence-life), (412) 396-6655)
- [The Center for Global Engagement](https://duq.edu/about/centers-and-institutes/center-for-global-engagement), (412) 396-6113
## Academic Integrity
Students are required to adhere to the university policy on academic integrity contained in the graduate catalog: https://www.duq.edu/academics/university-catalogs/2019-2020-graduate/academic-policies/academic-integrity.  Examples of prohibited activities include, but are not limited to, cheating, falsification or alteration of data, misrepresentation of another’s work, and plagiarism.  
## Academic Accommodations
The Office of Freshman Development and Special Student Services, 412-396-6657, Union 309, is responsible for determining reasonable accommodations and for assisting students in communicating these to faculty.  Student should notify instructors, at the beginning of the term, if any reasonable accommodations are needed.  Students must be registered with the Office of Freshman Development and Special Student Services.  The instructor shall receive confirmation of the reasonable accommodations from the Office of Freshman Development and Special Student Services before accommodations will be granted.  